---
title: "🛠️📆 Tools and Developer Experience Standup - 2026/03/03 10:59 PST - Notes by Gemini"
id: 10i5ALp_hJY44-ZFBB5nZUOo8HSxJ8VS5MIUtqYePyOw
modified_at: 2026-03-03T19:20:18.313Z
public_url: https://docs.google.com/document/d/10i5ALp_hJY44-ZFBB5nZUOo8HSxJ8VS5MIUtqYePyOw/edit?usp=drivesdk
---

# Notes

<!-- Tab ID: t.obtnlvunm5nm -->


## 🛠️📆 Tools and Developer Experience Standup
Invited   
Attachments  
Meeting records  

### Summary
Teal Larson updated the team on their work defining the MCP product and improving the onboarding experience, focusing on generating a custom user verifier via CLI, and discussed collaborating with Valerie to automate the manual process of pulling user data into Google Sheets. Francisco Liberal summarized their work on documentation by removing markdown generation and retrieving data from MTX, updated the automated toolkit generation process to display tool metadata, and is assisting Renato with the Microsoft toolkit file refactoring. Due to the limited attendance of Francisco Liberal, Teal Larson, and Office TV Robot, and the absence of Eric, Evan, and Renato, Office TV Robot requested that Francisco Liberal and Teal Larson provide a short standup summary in Slack and confirmed the removal of old front-end items from the project board, which Office TV Robot recommended consulting for next steps.

### Details
- **Meeting Attendance and Status**: The meeting had limited attendance, with Francisco Liberal, Teal Larson, and Office TV Robot present, while Eric and Evan were in an interview and Renato was out. Francisco Liberal and Office TV Robot communicated about the status of other attendees, including Teal Larson who was running late but joined shortly (00:00:00). Office TV Robot suggested that they could keep the meeting short and sweet due to the low attendance (00:04:37).
- **Teal Larson's Progress on Onboarding and MCP Product Definition**: Teal Larson reported continued work on the onboarding experience and MCP product definition, with a main focus on creating a working custom user verifier. They noted several areas for improvement in this process, including error messaging and documentation, and are working to ensure their Command Line Interface (CLI) generates a working example of a custom user verifier. The team intends to keep the custom user verifier off by default so users are not blocked by the need to create an external Oauth provider (00:04:37).
- **Collaboration on User Data Accessibility**: Teal Larson has been collaborating with Valerie to make data about users more available and actionable for team members (00:04:37). They are considering creating a Post Hog Slackbot and are exploring automation opportunities to replace the manual process of pulling data into Google Sheets that Valerie is currently performing. Teal Larson believes that, as an AI company, they should automate data management tasks rather than relying on manual processes (00:05:56).
- **Francisco Liberal's Work on Documentation and Toolkit Generation**: Francisco Liberal summarized their work on removing markdown generation in the documentation, delegating this task to Cloudflare, and updating the LLM text file to retrieve data from MTX instead of images (00:05:56). They also took the opportunity to update the automated toolkit generation process following Eric's merger of the stat metadata for tools last week. This update allows users to see metadata, such as category links and the kind of operation for each tool, when opening the toolkit (00:07:12).
- **Collaborative Toolkit Work and Next Steps**: Francisco Liberal is assisting Renato with the Microsoft toolkit file, refactoring code to avoid repetition in toolkits that use the Microsoft Graph API, and the Pull Request (PR) is nearing completion. Francisco Liberal intends to determine their next assignment during a one-on-one meeting with Ian later that day (00:08:31). They are not blocked on any tasks and do not require input from others (00:10:42).
- **Review of the Project Board**: Office TV Robot emphasized that the project board should be consulted if someone is unsure of what to work on next, especially if Evan is unavailable. Teal Larson clarified that any front-end items on the board previously owned by Shaunie have been moved to Sergio (00:09:38). The Office TV Robot confirmed the removal of that item from the team's project list to clean up the board (00:10:42).
- **Request for Standup Summary**: As Eric and Evan were absent, Office TV Robot requested that Francisco Liberal and Teal Larson provide a very short summary of their standup in Slack, consisting of one or two bullet points at most. The meeting concluded, giving attendees 15 minutes back in their day (00:10:42).

### Suggested next steps
- Francisco Liberal and Teal Larson will post a very short summary of their standup today in Slack, using one or two bullet points at the most.

_You should review Gemini's notes to make sure they're accurate.__ __Get tips and learn how Gemini takes notes___
_Please provide feedback about using Gemini to take notes in a__ __short survey._

# Transcript

<!-- Tab ID: t.f62x9aor3aco -->


## 🛠️📆 Tools and Developer Experience Standup - Transcript
### 00:00:00
 **Office TV Robot:** There we go.**Francisco Liberal:** Hello, Nate.**Office TV Robot:** Hello. Where's everybody**Francisco Liberal:** How are you doing? I don't know.**Office TV Robot:** else?**Francisco Liberal:** Uh, Renato will be joining. I think he had to to step out or something. And it just Eric Evan and you**Office TV Robot:** Um, Evan and Eric are in an interview, so you're stuck with me today. We can wait for Teal. Let me see if uh did she say that she**Francisco Liberal:** okay?**Office TV Robot:** was out or anything or**Francisco Liberal:** No. The only one that I saw something was Renato. Do you send her a message?**Office TV Robot:** Uh, no, I will.**Francisco Liberal:** I I'll do it. I'm already shot. Just ask**Office TV Robot:** Okay, perfect.**Francisco Liberal:** before.**Office TV Robot:** This camera is not working.**Francisco Liberal:** You are frozen.**Office TV Robot:** That's**Francisco Liberal:** I think she she she is with Valerie. She said that she's Yeah,**Office TV Robot:** better.  
### 00:03:41
 **Francisco Liberal:** that she will join probably. She she'll just wait some some of your minutes.**Office TV Robot:** What' you say? She she needs to wait. Helen**Francisco Liberal:** Uh she's she didn't say she said that she she joining but she's with Valerie so probably she's all right.**Office TV Robot:** Okay.**Francisco Liberal:** She said haha I am I am running a little over with Valerie. Sorry.**Office TV Robot:** Oh, okay.**Francisco Liberal:** So**Office TV Robot:** Um, we could just do a we could just do a Slack stand up today.**Francisco Liberal:** she's**Office TV Robot:** Hello.**Francisco Liberal:** lo**Office TV Robot:** I was just saying that uh Eric and Eric and Evan are in a um an interview right now, so you're stuck with me.**Teal Larson:** Oh, that's right.**Office TV Robot:** Ronaldo**Teal Larson:** That would be why Eric did not get my message that I'm running late.**Office TV Robot:** Uh, right. He is uh very busy at the moment. Um, and Ronaldo's out, so I think it's just us.**Teal Larson:** Cool.  
### 00:04:37
 **Office TV Robot:** We can keep it short and sweet.**Teal Larson:** Sure.**Office TV Robot:** Um, do you want to go**Teal Larson:** Um,**Office TV Robot:** first?**Teal Larson:** I'm continuing to work on the onboarding experience and MCP product definition things. Um, my main focus there is getting a working custom user verifier. I found several things to that we can improve there just in terms of like error messaging and documentation to make it a bit smoother. Um,**Office TV Robot:** Nice.**Teal Larson:** and this is also in service of making sure that my CLI that generates example agents actually has a working example of a custom user verifier. We're keeping it off by default um so that it's not like people aren't blocked on having to go create an external ooth provider like they can just run it locally with arcade off and it'll be fine. Um yeah and then I've also been working with**Office TV Robot:** Makes sense.**Teal Larson:** Valerie on many things. One of which is just like making the data that we have about our users more available and actionable for folks.  
### 00:05:56
 **Teal Larson:** Um, so I've been toying with making a Post Hog Slackbot and then also she's like pulling data by hand to put into Google Sheets. So helping like I think there's a lot of room to automate a lot of uh that work that she is doing by hand. Um, so brainstorming with her there.**Office TV Robot:** I have no doubt.**Teal Larson:** Like we're AI company.**Office TV Robot:** Absolutely.**Teal Larson:** Nobody should make a Google sheet by hand ever.**Office TV Robot:** Thank you. Thank you for making that true.**Teal Larson:** We'll see.**Office TV Robot:** Excellent.**Teal Larson:** I think those are the main things I have on there.**Francisco Liberal:** Okay.**Office TV Robot:** Um, and**Francisco Liberal:** So, yeah.**Office TV Robot:** Francisco**Francisco Liberal:** um for the the last days I've been working with the removal for MD generation in the docs because um t in found out that it's much easier to to delegate that to cloudfare. So I remove all the the the code related to the generation file for the MD files. Also I have to update the LLM text file to get from the MTX instead of images.  
### 00:07:12
 **Francisco Liberal:** Uh that was much more rooted than I expected that there are some some ramifications that I did not expect. So it took a while. I finished uh now that that's ready for but I think Sio had a issue that the button to to return was returning HTML even if you said application mark now. So once he find out why he will probably merge the the PR. Uh let me see what more. Yeah, also Eric last week he merged the the stat metadata for for tools. Uh so I took the opportunity and updates the the automate toolkit generation to to do that. I mean to to also show that uh and the logic also to generate to verify there are updates. So now the if you open the tokit onto kit and it has metadata already you can see like the the those links of the category that comes from I think the ser kind of service uh and the kind of operation for each tool. Uh I think that might be useful. Um and yeah related to that and uh I asked SA to review it uh probably also Sio but I think the frontier people are really busy those days.  
### 00:08:31
 **Francisco Liberal:** Um, and I I merged that after mopr. So probably they will the people for might want to take a look there to to see my vibe coded layout.**Teal Larson:** I'm not worried about it unless we hit an issue.**Francisco Liberal:** No, it's just if you because they are the front guys.**Teal Larson:** Honestly,**Francisco Liberal:** So I don't want to to kind of step in your toes if you I did something wrong. So it's just if you want to take a look there. But the important is that people can see the information right now that's there available.**Teal Larson:** yeah.**Francisco Liberal:** Uh and I I'm helping Hanato with the he creates a file for Microsoft toolkit and I'm just uh looking that in some toit that also use the Microsoft graphic API. just moving some codes, some hectoring uh to to not repeat ourselves and the PI is almost done. Uh I'm just testing that and probably I need to to know what I will work next. But I will have oneonone with with Ian today so I can ask  
### 00:09:38
 **Office TV Robot:** Nice.**Francisco Liberal:** him.**Office TV Robot:** Um, that's a good good reminder to uh review the board as well. I assume that. So, the project board should be if you're really not sure what to work on next and Evan is not available, for example, you can check the project board and see what is at the top that you can help with. Um, I know Rnado's out, so we'll ask him about this stuff later. I think Eric was making a lot of progress on this one. Um, do you know who Why is this not have an owner? Oh, because Shaunie was the owner. Um, is this something that you are still helping with, Teal?**Teal Larson:** No, that has been moved over to if there's any front end items on there, it's Sergio.**Office TV Robot:** Gotcha. Okay. I think we could remove it from this team's project list. Yeah. All right, let's do**Teal Larson:** Yeah.**Office TV Robot:** it.  
### 00:10:42
 **Office TV Robot:** Just clean that up a little bit. Um, this is what you are working on, right, Keel? Sounds good.**Teal Larson:** Yeah.**Office TV Robot:** I don't know why you're not in the list. Oh, you are. Nice. Um, all right. Good deal. And then developer onboarding**Francisco Liberal:** Thank you.**Office TV Robot:** obviously.**Teal Larson:** that is a more like a background task. So, it is still in progress and I'm still like sort of working on it, but it's not um the main focus of my**Office TV Robot:** Got it.**Teal Larson:** time.**Office TV Robot:** Sounds good. Um, cool. Anything for either of you that you're blocked on or need input from? um like reviews, somebody else on the team, the other team, platform stuff, anything, anything blocking you.**Francisco Liberal:** Nope.**Office TV Robot:** Nice. All right, I think we're good. Um if you don't mind,**Francisco Liberal:** Sure.**Office TV Robot:** since Eric and Evan were out, if you don't mind, uh just doing like a very short summary of your standup today in Slack. Um can be like, you know, one or two bullet points at the most.  
### Transcription ended after 00:17:18

_This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created._
